gingerbread and welcome to my
name is not gaming and I'm happy
greet you again on my canal
We are always allowed to watch defensive today
again modern warfare 3 on the map
village, and playful of friezes
the channel is called fat bag m friends
Of course, as always in the video
description also to find
I'll show you a video from his series
with each weapon a place and we today
11 86 lsw i hope it's right
earns conclusion confirmed we see
as I said the mavs war and I had
me mw3 is a nice one again
small change and I have for
this little video me two topics
packed up which I address today
it wants to be, and that's it for now
a little sorry i have
at the moment really very very very
very stressed at least yes stressed
is the wrong word actually is
Everything is cool , I'm a temporal one
very very limited and that depends
together with me, I'm on monday
I had started my new job
monday my first working day in there
this new company and yes there will be one
I will take on great heritage
a seller there at the first 8b heiress
who worked only 46 years was thus double
load in this as long as I am old
that is quite a big thing and
Of course the expectations are high
Accordingly, then immense pressure
and of course I'm giving it now
the first weeks you gas me there like that
fast it works somehow
incorporate enter highly accurate out has
how the rabbit runs and and and because of that
excuse me please and as a second topic
what really fits it now it fits
for this you see it already in the
video title the phenomenon so from the first
day and I do not mean it now
once as with me specifically the first
day in a new job I mean there is
it's all over me, I'm definitely one
some of you have moved somehow
or had to move or something
always or are accordingly in
come a new school or
maybe even the same school
but somehow something does not work
worked out with the teachers or the
classmates and you became practical
put into another class or something
always somewhere because you are determined
every now and the new one I can think of
do not imagine that there are so many
The navi is only in the new
sports club what I do not know what the
new with a housing estate because you
pulled there that's everywhere
and yes that's already a kind
phenomenon because it was the same with me
I was looking forward to traffic
probably no new job hammer perspectives
to earn cool ways though
somehow one said then also
one
this is a well-established team get
you only one now hopefully not good
on and blatter glad one makes oneself
Extremely many worries and that's what I wanted
talk to you today like this
you go with all that up there you are
the completely loose leaves I said
let all this be very reasonable
that will already go to bed or you are
you as little as me because I
For example, so far this is always
all good enough
I'm great in every sports club
arrived in every new class in
residential estates water if you are here
always very fast connection found
which is also relatively easy if you
It's not like the last jerk
At the beginning it behaves quite cool
with nice cake with his work is
easy flaky but still every time
no matter and if that still occur 50 times
it's going to make me new jobs
flat blablabla now i am like that
from where I somehow move and
accordingly connection and
some cool teenage boys or
search is yes whereby for me it is one
could be honor with the jobs
I hope that I at a new job
now the next decades or decades
whatever had first made it
but for you, how do you see it all
So you already had this situation
times with which yes which attitude
have you approached the whole thing
So how did you feel?
also a bit of panic that you
has said it paints itself as well as times
The worst things need octopus
which are all hate me I would have
Definitely full I am not
nobody wants to do that with her
to have
yes and then right on the first afternoon
Schildmann with his new buddies
it somehow a kebab after the
school around or how I have great now
Quick connection found
have reached in the company by the way
super fast connection found everything
really nice colleagues and so on
So completely made a joke for nothing
that definitely and that i wanted with
Just take a look at this video
discuss the topic says meadow
or how do you handle these things
and what experiences have above all
You may have made many of them
positive or maybe even times
negative that would me sometimes
What do you care about that maybe
find negative experiences
So that would be cool, we take mine
I could clap comments
I'm sorry for that right now
inactive known time also not on
all messages do not answer like that
Although I get to read almost everything but
unfortunately I can not answer everything
I have requests with gameplay so ca
I will now be the next
I answer all days again
give me trouble and yes I thank you
for that
let him your experience in any case
in the comments for that are the data
not whipping so much
if we request similar so people
skin clean makes it good and the sanya my
name is cool gaming I'm out